# Meeting Minutes

## Date and Time  
24/02/2026 (13:15–14:00)

## Project Name  
ReShare – Community based item sharing platform

## Meeting Goal  
- Transition from Sprint 2 documentation to Sprint 3 implementation  
- Break down development tasks  
- Assign initial backend and frontend responsibilities  

## Facilitator  
Bhowan Khawas  

## Note Taker  
Sameer Shabbir  

## Attendees  
Bhowan Khawas  
Sameer Shabbir  
Ismail Sohail  
Aakriti Gurung  
Abdul Rehman  

---

## Roundtable Updates (each group member to contribute)

- **Bhowan:** Outlined priority features for Sprint 3 implementation. Confirmed Docker and backend environment are stable and ready for feature development.

- **Sameer:** Confirmed Sprint 2 documentation has been finalised and reviewed. Continue creation of meeting reports.

- **Ismail:** Reviewed activity diagrams to ensure they align with planned login and item creation logic.

- **Aakriti:** Prepared refined wireframes to guide frontend structure during implementation.

- **Abdul:** Confirmed database schema supports authentication and item ownership logic.

---

## Discussion Points

- Agreed that user authentication (Register/Login) will be the first feature implemented in Sprint 3.

- Decided backend route implementation will begin before frontend styling.

- Confirmed GitHub workflow, feature branches and regular updates and commits.

- Agreed to communicate before making any schema or route changes.

---

## Actions

- Break down authentication feature into smaller development tasks (Bhowan)
- Begin implementation of Register route and database insertion logic (Abdul)
- Start Login validation logic based on activity diagrams (Ismail)
- Convert wireframes into structured HTML templates (Aakriti)
- Finalise and upload meeting documentation to GitHub (Sameer)
- Ensure all members push progress updates before next meeting (All members)
